Option<Datetime> V2 (#1066)
fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge: book/src/feature/lang_chrono.md

| `NaiveDateTime`   | `DateTime` *utc assumed*      |
| `Duration`        | `Duration`                    |

> You can also uses optionals through `Option`, for example: `Option<NaiveDateTime>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use nullable values through `Option`, for example: `Option<NaiveDateTime>`.
```
